write prod_info: year
write prod_info: char3
write prod_info: char2
write prod_info: char1
write prod_info: char0
write prod_info: fab
write prod_info: coding
write prod_info: test
write prod_info: wafer
write prod_info: x
write prod_info: y
write prod_info: parity
read prod_info: year
read prod_info: char3
read prod_info: char2
read prod_info: char1
read prod_info: char0
read prod_info: fab
read prod_info: coding
read prod_info: test
read prod_info: wafer
read prod_info: x
read prod_info: y
read prod_info: parity
compare prod_info: year
compare prod_info: char3
compare prod_info: char2
compare prod_info: char1
compare prod_info: char0
compare prod_info: fab
compare prod_info: coding
compare prod_info: test
compare prod_info: wafer
compare prod_info: x
compare prod_info: y
compare prod_info: parity
